[docs] Update to the kind of support provided (#3530)
mui-org/material-ui-x: docs/src/pages/components/data-grid/getting-started/getting-started.md

## Support

For crowdsourced technical questions from expert MUI devs in our community. Also visited by the MUI Core team.

> [Post a question](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/mui)

Author: This had nothing to do here, it was my mistake.

Reviewer: Where is this information going?
I'm thinking on the discussion we had on perceiving an increase of questions on our GitHub issues, and I think we still don't have a clear answer for it.

Author: This was a duplication of content. See the updated content https://deploy-preview-3530--material-ui-x.netlify.app/components/data-grid/getting-started/#support

[Post a question](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/mui)

### Professional support

When purchasing an MUI X Pro or Premium license you get access to professional support for a limited duration.
Support is available on multiple channels, but the recommended channel is GitHub issues.
If you need to share private information, you can also use email.

- **MUI X Pro**: No SLA is provided but MUI's maintainers give these issues more attention than the ones from the Community plan. The channels:
  - GitHub: [Open a new issue](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui-x/issues/new/choose) and leave your Order ID.
  - Email (only to share private information): [Open a new issue](https://support.mui.com/hc/en-us/requests/new?tf_360023797420=mui_x) or send an email at x@mui.com.

> - **MUI X Premium**: Same as MUI X Pro with priority over Pro and a 48 hours SLA for the first answer.

Author: ```suggestion
- **MUI X Premium**: Same as MUI X Pro with priority over Pro and a 48 hours SLA for the first answer during working days.
```

Reviewer 2: ", during working hours", or ", during business hours"?

But should we define them? And if so, what are they?

Author: In this case, I think that we should keep it dry, and leave this to the EULA.

[Post a question](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/mui)

### Professional support

> When purchasing an MUI X Pro, Premium license, depending on the plan, you get access to professional support for a limited duration.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When purchasing an MUI X Pro or Premium license you get access to professional support for a limited duration.
```

> This support service is available on multiple channels.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Support is available on multiple channels, but the recommended channel is GitHub issues.
```

> The recommended channel to open new issues is GitHub issues.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> If your support case has the need to share private information, you can also use Emails.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you need to share private information, you can also use email.
```

- **MUI X Pro**: No SLA is provided but MUI's maintainers give these issues more attention than the ones from the Community plan. The channels:
  - GitHub: [Open a new issue](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui-x/issues/new/choose) and leave your Order ID.

>   - Emails (only to share private information): [Open a new issue](https://support.mui.com/hc/en-us/requests/new?tf_360023797420=mui_x) or send an email at x@mui.com.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - Email (only to share private information): [Open a new issue](https://support.mui.com/hc/en-us/requests/new?tf_360023797420=mui_x) or send an email at x@mui.com.
```

- **MUI X Premium**: Same as MUI X Pro with priority over Pro and a 48 hours SLA for the first answer.
  - GitHub: this plan is not available yet
  - Emails: this plan is not available yet

> - **MUI X Premium Priority**: Same as MUI X Premium but with a 24 hours SLA for the first answer and a pre-screening in under 4 hours.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **MUI X Premium Priority**: Same as MUI X Premium but with a 24 hours SLA for the first answer and a pre-screening in under 4 business hours.
```
? (In which case, what constitutes business hours?)

Author: I think that these 4 hours are going to be a real challenge to implement. It almost requires the team to be present on 3 overlapping timezones (8h x3). Plus, I doubt that it truly matters, AG Grid is one team in the UK and it seems to be good enough. I think that we can 

```suggestion
- **MUI X Premium Priority**: Same as MUI X Premium but with a 24 hours SLA for the first answer during working days.
```

Author: dry
```suggestion
- **MUI X Premium Priority**: Same as MUI X Premium but with a 24 hours SLA for the first answer.
```
